---
slug: research-001
date: 2017-10-11 12:00:00 -0400
title: 'The People in Government Responsible for Public Services and the Challenges That Get in Their Way'
summary: 'summary'
authors:
  - andreanocesigritz
categories:
  - research
featured_image:
  uid:
  alt:
---

Starting in early 2017, the DigitalGov team made a commitment to conducting ongoing user-research as part of its mission to support the people in government responsible for modernizing technology and delivering efficient, effective public services.

Each of these research sprints will start with a statement of what we’re setting out to learn and finish with a report written to benefit and inform the wider community of thinkers, problem solvers, technologists, and tinkerers we serve.

<div class="inlinepromo">
<h6>Research Report (001)</h6>
<h5><a href="#" title="">The People in Government Responsible for Public Services and the Challenges That Get in Their Way</a></h5>
<ul class="refer">
  <li><a href="#" title="">View the full report »</a></li>
</ul>

</div>

This report is our first edition (001) — it is intended to be a window into the people who work in technology in government and the challenges they face making that work stronger and more effective. What are their formal (or informal) job titles and what are their roles within their agencies (and bureaus and offices)? Who do they interact with? What are the barriers or roadblocks they face?

And what do they need to dissolve those barriers, to work more effectively as teams within agencies and across government? How can they provide a higher level of service to their customers?

DigitalGov has a long-standing relationship with these employees: many of them have read (or written!) a DigitalGov article, taken a DigitalGov University training course, participated in one of our government-wide communities, found information on a shared service, or used (or contributed to!) one of our community-driven or -focused resource guides.

So as we move toward a new DigitalGov, it was imperative that we ask ourselves:  do we really know the problems our readers and their colleagues are trying to solve, the context that makes these problems so difficult to solve, or what they need to do their jobs better?
