---
url: /services/
date: 2013-11-17 11:12:45 -0400
title: Services
type: docs
layout: 1col
summary: 'Check out the variety of services available for agencies! Challenges & Prizes Challenge.gov. Challenge and prize competitions can drive innovation and solve mission-centric problems&mdash;whether technical, scientific, or creative. Challenge.Gov is an award-winning government sponsored free tool that can help your agency run a challenge. Get Started Content Management Sites lets federal agencies build websites using a'
authors:
  - apiazza
---

Check out the variety of services available for agencies!

## Challenges & Prizes

[Challenge.gov]({{< link "challenge-gov.md" >}} "Challenge.gov"). Challenge and prize competitions can drive innovation and solve mission-centric problems—whether technical, scientific, or creative. Challenge.Gov is an award-winning government sponsored **free tool** that can help your agency run a challenge.

{{< button href="challenge-gov.md" text="Get Started" >}}

## eCPIC

The [Electronic Capital Planning and Investment Control (eCPIC)]({{< link "electronic-capital-planning-and-investment-control-ecpic.md" >}} "eCPIC") application, developed to address agency needs for a more organized and transparent approach to IT Capital Planning, is a web-based, government-owned technology solution that Federal Agencies use to support their internal Portfolio Management, IT Capital Planning, and IT Governance processes, and also to meet their external reporting requirements to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB).

{{< button href="electronic-capital-planning-and-investment-control-ecpic.md" text="Get Started" >}}

## Data.gov

[Data.gov]({{< link "data-gov.md" >}} "Data.gov") is the U.S. government’s open data site, providing users access to datasets generated by the Executive Branch of the federal government. Users can publish their datasets or find open government data on a wide range of subjects, ranging from education, health, public safety, climate change, and much more.

{{< button href="data-gov.md" text="Get Started" >}}

## Metrics

[Digital Analytics Program (DAP)]({{< link "dap.md" >}} "DAP: Digital Analytics Program") offers advanced, easy Web analytics to federal agencies. The program includes is a **no-cost**, hosted shared service Web analytics tool, digital metrics guidance and best practices, training and support.

{{< button href="dap.md" text="Get Started" >}}

## Mobile

[U.S. Digital Registry]({{< link "u-s-digital-registry.md" >}} "The Federal Mobile Apps Registry"). Promote your public facing mobile websites and apps by registering them in the U.S. Digital Registry. Once registered your app will be featured on the [Federal Mobile Apps Directory](http://www.usa.gov/mobileapps.shtml) and included in a [government mobile product API](https://socialmobileregistry.digitalgov.gov/#swagger-api-docs). **Free!**

{{< button href="u-s-digital-registry.md" text="Get Started" >}}

[Federal CrowdSource Mobile Testing Program]({{< link "mobile-application-testing-program.md" >}} "Federal CrowdSource Mobile Testing Program"). Take advantage of this FREE service provided for federal agencies by federal employees. Leverage an army of Testers (all federal employees) to evaluate your application on a wide variety of mobile devices and provide your agency with a results report you can immediately use to enhance your application.

{{< button href="mobile-application-testing-program.md" text="Get Started" >}}

## Search

[DigitalGov Search]({{< link "search.md" >}} "USASearch") is a hosted site search service provided by the U.S. General Services Administration. You can use DigitalGov Search to power the search box on your federal government website—**at no cost**.

{{< button href="search.md" text="Get Started" >}}

## Social Media

[U.S. Digital Registry]({{< link "u-s-digital-registry.md" >}} "Social Media Registry") is a tool to keep track of social media accounts managed by federal agencies. It helps the public identify “official” federal social media accounts and helps agencies manage their social media efforts. It includes a series of APIs so developers can build applications with the data from the registry. **Free!**

{{< button href="u-s-digital-registry.md" text="Get Started" >}}

[USA.gov Short URLs]({{< link "usa-gov-short-urls.md" >}} "USA.gov Short URLs") let anyone with a government e-mail address quickly and easily create short, trustworthy .gov URLs. **Free!**

{{< button href="usa-gov-short-urls.md" text="Get Started" >}}
